what up this jello wolf you're watching
my MTV but don carmelo whiskey river
yellow man finally touchdown in the UK
hit me but crabbing the forensic way in
London that's made someone not crazy
second shot tonight burn
Oh
I've got some more shows with them
and I've got some more spot days we're
actually headed to Paris tomorrow for a
show
back up to Manchester for a little TV
show so
it's great No
everyone's anticipating the album we
need your personal be more information
on that album that's coming radioactive
is my freshman release shady ghetto
vision Shady Records
it's set to release in the States 27
I'm not sure with overseas dated but it
would be out on the 27th
and then I got a lot of great production
no I want to give it anyway because away
any surprises about who's going to get
out
so how would you say there Eminem cosine
helps your grip
changed
everything
one of the greatest artists ever
obviously
hip-hop music period he's the greatest
it's a happen
first to give me the cosine you know
then the signing to the label and
patent and there's as a mentor somewhat
to help
let's hope with anything because he's
already been there he's
do it for so many years so it's changed
everything
remember reading an article you say that
was hard way to keep it a secret that he
was interested in
it was really difficult
I couldn't even tell my folks
but
I knew how important it was to keep your
low key
but it was difficult yeah I mean I
something that you want to
but I waited for the time sounds right I
got the green light
started screaming Mike at every show
because it just feels great to be a part
of a part of a team you know shave with
a slaughterhouse
it's refreshing
opennebula mixtape circuit
mixtape circuit helped catch
mixtapes I've always been like the
the way in to the to the game as far as
the state's you know I don't know if
it's like this about a year it's like
they over here so I mean we've we've
been walking in mixtape for deep you
know since they were literally own tapes
and I mean that's just kind of how you
started to be heard it was kind of like
if you're a skateboarder gave tricks you
get clips and different videos you know
you kind of get a little shy UK cats
that your feelings then you can see
further
um
tinie tempah
chasing status those boys and I'm just
becoming familiar with a bunch of
artists
I mean basically as a lady sovereign
but I'm I'll be coming for more familiar
with artists it's coming out here you
know
I don't know enough I should know more
about the scene and I will so I'm gonna
start listening to more see some CDs man
this is seen that before the crime scene
I heard about the crime scene yeah I
heard about the crime scene you're the
second person until nice and check it
out so I'm definitely looking for years
of that
thank you very much the interview keep
you up and we hope to see in the UK
so stop and shots of my homeboy some
text no because he's kept me circulating
out here and showed me a lot of love so
some sex